I set Jeff straight and 
head to the bar to join
Louie for a belt. We get
to talking about the Kyle 
who was here six months
back, and Louie says both
he and Rosa had the day
off when he was here.
Helen comes into the bar
and we share a round. She
shows me a coin trick, and
I learn she used to be a
magician. I also find out
that she's stayed here 
twice in the last twenty
years.
I leave the bar and bump
into Rosa, who asks me to
run around the hotel and
fetch a label off a bottle
of wine. Seems that Helen
wants to keep the thing 
as some kind of memento.
As a favor to Rosa, I peel
the label off of Helen's 
bottle and bring it to her.
I press Helen about her
previous stays here, and 
she opens up and tells me
all about her past.
Seems Helen spent her 
youth dreaming of the
spotlight. After she had
a kid, she abandoned him 
to make it as a magician.
After regret set in, she
bumped into him here
twenty years ago.
Helen learned that her
son wanted to be a writer,
so she gave him an
engraved fountain pen.
Turns out that her son
is Alan Parker, the guy
whose book Summer stole.


